I will turn push adjusts itself to your
currently select a track by switching
between different modes as you select
different tracks automatically the first
mode I like to show you is the unlock
mode push will switch to Dom lock mode
whenever detects an armed MIDI track
with a drum rack so let's load the drum
rack please set I'm gonna go into browse
mode
scroll down to drum rack
scroll down to loop masters and let's
lower the preset called cold cut hit the
load button in the ER mode the main 64
pads grid is divided to three sections
the drum rack pads step sequencer
controls and loop length controls the
dark pads let us play the samples in the
dom lock in the same order they appeal
on the screen the dark pads just like
the drum rack device in life is only
showing 16 pads at a time you can use
the touch strip to scroll between pad
banks or alternatively use the octave up
octave down buttons the touch slip also
gives us indication to which banks have
samples on them a pad slot with a sample
would be highlighted in bright yellow
and an empty pad will be highlighted in
dark yellow to load individual downs
click on the device button he tap add
and select it using the selection
controls and then hit the balls button
while browsing you can hit any pad to
load a new sound to that pad
allow you to quickly change individual
sounds in the dom lack for that pad I'm
gonna load a different hat the last
selected black pad is highlighted in
blue and can now be sequenced using the
step sequencer controls going to go down
and select my kick a step sequencer will
basically give us a visual and physical
interaction with our MIDI clip inside
Ableton Live you can change the step
sequencer resolution at any time using
the grid selector buttons to the right
I'm going to hit the hi-hat sample and
choose the eighth note grid when I turn
on the entire first row I've created one
bar with high hats plane on each eighth
note note that the sequencer doesn't
stop at the first bar and actually gives
you four balls whenever you start a new
pattern or in other words create a new
clip push will populate as many balls as
it can to fit into these four eight
button rows according to the selected
grid resolution we got four balls the
loop length can be changed from the loop
length control section right here you
can make loops up to a maximum of 16
balls you can edit each individual ball
by hitting the pad or selecting a loop
length by holding one pad and hitting
the other like so this is two balls and
this is four balls if we go into life
and look at the clip we can see that
it's 16 balls four balls and I can also
edit individual balls let's go back to
two balls let's create a dumb bit using
the step sequencer I'll create a two
ball clip but first I'll change the
master tempo using the dedicated knob
and if you want to change it in small
increments you can hold shift and move
the tempo knob
I'm gonna delete the hi-hats let's
change it to 16 and start with the kick
[Music]
let's play some notes and let's hit play
select the snare and some high hats
notice that you can add and remove
multiple notes at once and that for each
no division
you also have its triplets Division
labeled with the note value and a small
T in triplet grid push will color the
last two columns in red giving us only
six pads on each row its note triplets
16 note triplets so the push gives us
complete control over drum rack and has
the added functionality of step
sequencing just like the old school der
machines like the tr-808 and the linden
with the power of step sequencing in
drum rack mode on the push you can make
beats on the fly and you don't have to
play them live a membership to linda.com
unlocks this entire course and hundreds
of others visit linda.com to learn more